Welcome back, guys, and welcome to section numero dos.
If you're just joining us now,
welcome and buenas noches. In this section,
we're going to talk content strategy,
what are your options,
what generally works on Instagram,
what should you make, and which types of content are
more sustainable in the long term for your business.
Section four, or technically, I think it's section
five on Udemy, we'll get into creating your first
batch of content, but what you decide on in this section
will inform what you do when you get to that section.
If you don't care about the fluffy critical thinking
stuff, please just skip this section entirely.
But if you feel like you need a walkthrough on how to conceptualize your strategy and a review of what your options are,
stick around.
For those of you who are "advanced users" and
only want advanced lectures, then you need
to skip way far ahead of here and pick
a section that's more specific. Anyway,
you've been warned.
See you in the next lecture.